27th July 2026
PT Tokenizin Technology Agency
JL Pantai Pererenan No 77.
Pererenan Mengwi, Badung 
Bali, 80351 Indonesia

Letter of Appointment of Consultancy
Dear Sir/Madam
Further to our discussions, PT Tokenizin Technology Agency’s (Tokenizin) analysis and recommendations in regard to Rosalita Cantina we wish to expand the advisory consultancy and brief to include the businesses of both PT Taman Bintang Bali (Red Ruby) and PT Starworks Technologies Indonesia (Starworks).
Tokenizin is to evaluate the 0perations of Red Ruby, Starworks, staff, management and contractor’s performances, its accounting and management systems ahead of the rebranding of the existing Star Hospitality Membership Club (SHC) concept to the StarWORLD Club concept and its re-release.
Graham Bristow (Bristow) and Starworks agree to assign their ownership interest in Red Ruby to Tokenizin or nominee in support of the StarWORLD Club members. Simultaneously, Bristow is to receive one hundred million StarX Tokens @ $0,0015 per StarX in consideration.  Red Ruby seeks funds to develop further and as a sponsoring merchant of StarWORLD will receive investment by way of StarWORLD Club members participation in its business. StarWORLD Club requires integration into the systems and procedures of Red Ruby as a seamless transparent concept utilizing AI based technology systems as developed by Starworks and Tokenizin.
The StarWORLD Club membership is intended to create loyal and participatory clientele for Red Ruby. 
We will make available financial data as necessary to establish verifiable reference points, trends and manage automated systems necessary to inform and protect all party’s interests. Please liaise with Lukas, Ama and Made on all matters in the first instance unless redirected by them to others. 
Your initial fee of twenty-five million (25,000,000 IDR) split into two equal payments, plus pre-approved expenses, is for this and the Rosalita review and includes the preparation and presentation of a critical path forward, will be paid by Bristow. A further monthly management and consulting fee, yet to advised will be payable by Red Ruby and Starworks to Tokenizin and Bristow. 
All information gathered is to be treated as strictly confidential and only shared with Bristow.
Regards


Graham Bristow						Acknowledged and Agreed
Stakeholder WA +62 81558003247                                          	Alex Shapiro WA +62 81353795211         								Ilia Shapiro WA +61 405556607 

In witness hereto:
I Made Putra Yasa WA +62 8123656475